Start with a landing page or home page that introduces the app and its features.
Provide a link on the landing page that prompts the user to "Create Bookshelf"
When the user clicks the link, navigate to the Bookshelf page or component...
    - button click that unmounts Intro and mounts Bookshelf component


On the Bookshelf page, display an empty bookshelf initially. (3x3) grid??
Provide a plus icon, that the user can click to trigger the book selection process.
When the user clicks the "Add Book" button, show Category component which allows the user to select a category:
animals, fairy tales, adventure, friendship, bedtime stories. (gets passed as a prop to Collection)
    - when the user clicks on the add book button Bookshelf is unmounted and Category component gets mounted 


Use Open Library API to fetch book data based on the user's input. Display the search results in a list or grid format.
    - ie. when the user clicks a button in Category component 'animals' it, the selection is passed as a prop into Collection Component(animals, fairy tales, adventures, friendship, bedtime stories) which triggers getCollection() then populates the Collection component with multiple Book Component
    - how many books should i display? stretch goal is to paginate the Book Component


Allow the user to select a book from the search results by clicking on it. Upon selection, display the book cover and details on thebookshelf. 
    - once the book has been selected that Book Component is unmounted and added to the bookArray in the Bookshelf Component
    - the same book cannot be added more than once 


Add a button for the user to go back to their bookshelf to see what they have added, when it is fully added congratulate them for it and tell them. 

Repeat the process to allow the user to add more books to their bookshelf.

Components 

    App: The main component that manages the whole structure.

    Intro: The component that serves as the Intro, kind of like a 'call to action'

    Bookshelf: The component responsible for displaying the user's virtual bookshelf, including the buttons which allows the user to add books

    Category: A component that allows the user to select categories to choose the collection.

    Collection: The component that fetches and displays the books based on the selected categories, showing them in a grid

    Book: A component representing an individual book item with its cover image and details.

    Menu: A component for navigation purposes.

    stretch goals: branded cover not found images, error handling for cover images, store bookshelf in firebase,
    paginate the Collections